Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Oh my God. Jimmy! So nice of you to come pick me up.
I missed you!
Good to see you Stacy Miller. How was the flight?
Jimmy Cloud! I asked you million times to just call me Stacy.
You know. calling me by my full name annoys me.
The trip was fine. thank you. Nothing exciting.
Good to hear. Stacy.
How are you? You seem tired.
Did you come straight from work Mr. Detective?
Yeah. I just finished up but now I`ve got some free time.
I would have been okay. really.
Chasing all those bad guys around:
Gangsters. spies. murderers. pimps. prostitutes. dealers. terrorists.
You should be resting!
Stacy... what are friends for?
Really though. I appreciate it.
You`re a great friend. Jimmy.
So. are you hungry?
I`m starving! Airplane food sucks.
How about that burger restaurant?
You know. your favorite?
Oh yes please! I missed their burgers so much.
I knew it!
Jimmy! You crack me up.
... and afterwards we`ll meet some friends at a bar.
How`s that sound?
Sounds like a plan. I'm in!
Alright. Let's go then.
How was the job?
Very nice! I was shooting a big campaign for a client.
Congrats! Who are they?
You`re silly. I`m not allowed to say because of the contract.
You know. my job. I`m sorry Jimmy.
The terms are strict. I know Stacy.
You`ve told me this before.
I've met some very nice and interesting people!
Sounds good! How long are you staying?
Only a week.
What`s your next job?
A fashion show.
Oh that`s right!
I remember you told me about that one.
Yeah baby! I'm so excited.
It`s a dream come true for me.
I'm very happy for you!
I`ll drive you to the airport again if you want.
Sure. thanks!
Any time.
Let`s go.
Always a gentleman!
Be careful with that suitcase!
Something precious in there?
Yeah. some clothes. And very expensive lingerie.
Oh. I see. Sounds interesting.
That`s for sure. we`ll save that for the evening.
Ok.
Is everything ok?
All good. Just could we stop by my apartment first.
so I can take a quick shower. please?
I also want to wear something else.
Of course! We`ve still got time.
Foood! Burgers and booze at the bar!
Thank you.
I wait here for you.
Don`t you want to come in?
No. We`ll save that for later.
Ok. I`ll be right back!
Crystal!
Jimmy. have you made any progress finding my sister?
It’s now been two weeks since she ran off with that dealer
and you haven’t given me any news.
Look. I’ve been chasing down leads but none have panned out.
Don’t worry – I’ll find her. The guy is probably lying low –
they will turn up sooner or later.
Come on now. you can’t keep blaming yourself.
Sissy is a grown woman – she’ll do what she wants.
Jimmy. you need to spend more time looking for Sissy.
Is it that you need more money?
Just say how much! You’ve got to find her!
You’ve got to!
Crystal. money isn’t the issue – it just takes time
to scour the seamy underside of this city.
I’ll let you know when it`s time to kick more cash into the search.
Have faith – I will find Sissy.
I’ve gotta go now. Crystal.
I’ll call you as soon as I know something.
Jimmy. you’re my only hope. I’ll be waiting for your call.
Don’t let me down. Bye.
Bye.
The name`s Sandra. Sandra Cox.
Jimmy. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you too. Mr. Jimmy.
Just Jimmy. Sandra. You look very familiar.
Do we know each other?
I don`t think so.
But we`ll get to know each other real soon Jimmy.
Precious... You have no idea!
Be calm or you`re dead!
I'm not playing around. Do you understand?
I`ve got her. Let him know. now!
Very good. Roger. Message received.
You have a pretty girlfriend.
What?
Girlfriend? What are you talking about?
We`ve got Stacy.
You bastards!
And if you make one wrong move she`ll die.
Understand Detective Cloud?
What the hell! Where is she?
What did you do to her?
And she`s not my girlfriend.
We're just good friends.
We`ve got her.
And if you don`t put your gun away she`ll die.
Now get dressed! Hurry up!
We have to go. now!
Don't do anything stupid or I`ll blow your brains out.
Believe me. I will!
I only have to make one move.
You bitch. you`ll regret it!
Hurry up! We`ve got to go!
I'm ready.
Fucking bitch!
Shit! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
Come on Sandra...
Come on. come on... come on!
Jimmy!
Stacy!
He`s coming!
Who`s coming?
The... the gang... gangster!
He... he`s after me!
Are you ok? Did that bastard hurt you?
Don't worry about me. We have to leave.
We have to call the police!
Forget them. They're all corrupt. I`m the police.
Where can I find him?
He... he was in my apartment. There. upstairs.
Ok. wait here. I`ll be back.
She`s gone... Yes. I follow her.
Fucking shit!
Don`t move. you fucking bastard!
Who sent you?
Razor. my boss.
You and your little bitch are dead!
Tell your boss that I will find him.
And now piss off!
Looking for some fun. handsome?
Sure. we could have a party.
No thanks...
But... do you know where Janet is?
She`s over there.
Come on bitch! Come... come on bitch...
Fuck off. pig!
Argh!
Stay down!
You fucking prick!
You smell like whiskey and weed.
Argh!
Are you ok. lady?
I`m fine.
Janet?
Detective Cloud...
What are you doing here?
I`m working undercover.
Is it that case with the bastard who`s killing prostitutes?
Yes. What are you doing up this late?
I`m looking for someone.
Who? Is it personal? Or for the Police?
A bit of both.
I`ll help you.
Thank you Janet.
What do you know about Razor Martinez?
I know that he already controls big parts of the city.
Even though he`s new here. From Mexico.
Know anybody who knows more?
Every piece of information matters.
Yes. Dectective Victoria Barnes.
Alright. thanks.
My colleague the Drug Detective...
Yeah. She`s undercover right now. a few blocks away.
But you can count on me Jimmy!
Just let me know.
Great. thank you.
You`re welcome.
Hey guys! I hope you`ve got good news for me.
Well boss...
Razor. not exactly.
You idiots! You`re useless!
I'm sorry boss!
Rico let her get away.
You useless idiot!... It doesn't matter.
I want them dead or alive! Do you understand?
Yes boss!
We do.
Leave... before I do something stupid and kill you too!
Get the fuck out of here!
Razor Martinez has spoken.
Ok. Should we let the others know?
Yes! Let everyone know...
I`m offering one million to whoever brings me Jimmy Cloud
and his model girlfriend bitch Stacy Miller dead.
Ok. Anything else?
Yes. Three million to whoever brings them to me alive!
So I can kill them myself.
Undestood.
Get the fuck out of here!
Damiana. you`re my best. Get me this gringo fucker!
Si boss. It will be done.
Bianca!
Yes. Razor. What do you want from me?
Clean up this mess from the floor.
What are you waiting for? Now!
You did this shit. Do it yourself.
You want to end up like this too?
Alright boss.
Good girl. And bring me more Tequilla!
Do what he's telling you or I'll make
your life a living hell!
Clean it up. now!
Alright. I`ll do it.
Finally!... More Tequilla!
Thanks Laura. baby!
I care about you Razor. I know what you want!
Yes... Quality testing!
Oh Jimmy. You and your dangerous. shitty job.
They want to kill me... They`re after me.
But you could be a great father!...
You`re so experienced and mature...
Stacy Cloud... No! Stacy Miller Cloud.
I`ve got a career on my back...
Stacy?...
Jimmy?...
Yes baby. it's me!
Baby?...
I love you Stacy...
I want to start a family with you!
But... your job. Jimmy... I love you too!
I'm going to kill you. you fucking cunt!
Oh my god! Get away from me you dirty pig!
Oh my God! Oh my God... oh my God...
What a terrible nightmare...
Who is it?
It's me. Jimmy. Can you open the door. please?
Oh... Sure... Give me a minute!
Hi Stacy.
Jimmy. hi! Sorry to keep you waiting.
I need a drink.
There`s beers in the fridge? Do you...
Want one?
No thanks. I don`t want to drink anything right now.
Stacy. you can't stay here.
What? Why?... Dont`t say that Jimmy...
I love you.
They`re after you because they`re after me.
I`m responsible for what happened.
I want to stay with you forever. Jimmy!
To protect me from evil.
To wake up in the morning together and
wait for you to come back from work.
It can't live like that.
I lost family because of these fucking criminals.
You mean those terrorists who killed your family?
Yes. those bastards I put in jail.
They killed my parents and my brother. and heavily
wounded some co-workers of mine. All for revenge.
I`m so sorry. Jimmy.
I don't want anything to happen to you. We can't have
a normal relationship. It`s too dangerous for you.
If your job stops us from being together. then quit.
Are you insane?... No. I can't. Forget it.
Why?
I have to hunt them all down.
Justice must be served.
I understand.
Yes sure. the bathroom is there.
I have work to do.
What?... No. it`s late. Please don't go!
The criminals never sleep.
Stacy. I want you to have this.
Oh! Your gun?
Use this to protect yourself until I come again.
Please stay here in your apartment.
And call me if something happens.
Ok Jimmy... I will.
Ok. I have to go now. Bye.
Hey Jimmy. Long time no see!
Indeed. How are you. Victoria?
On duty. as you can see.
The case is secret. I can't talk about it.
I understand.
Victoria... I've got an urgent case.
What`s it about?
Do you know something about a ganster named Razor?
Ah... You mean The Mexican Devil.
"The Mexican Devil"?
That`s what he`s called on the Street.
They say he's not human because of his
extreme aggressiveness and criminal energy.
Interesting. Tell me more.
"Drug Lord" from Mexico. He came here
a few months ago and wants to take over the city.
And he`s doing well. Janet Walker told me.
Jimmy... everything ok?
I`ve gotta find him. That god-damn bastard!...
Do you know where he is?
And it has to be you?
You`re going alone after this devil?
You know how it is. You can`t rely on
anyone anymore. and almost everyone is corrupt.
But you can't do it alone. He has hitmen!
I`ve got Janet.
Well. you can count on me. too.
Victoria. do you know where to find him?
He`s based out of a night club called "Escalado".
a few blocks north from here.
Ok. I`ll go and get him.
Be careful. Detective Cloud!
Yeah. thanks. Bye.
Good luck.
Razor. he`s coming by. I`ll bring him personally.
Yes. alive. Get the money ready.
Who`s that now... It can`t be Jimmy...
I gave him the key.
Who`s there?
It`s Sandra!
I don't know any "Sandra"...
I`m your new neighbour. We just moved in.
I need some help with my apartment.
New neighbour?... Oh fuck.
Can you let me in? I know it`s late but it`s
an emergency and my husband is working... please?
Ok!... Give me a minute!...
Ok. I`ll wait. Thank you!
Hi. I`m Stacy. How can I help you?
You fucking bitch. go inside!
Ha ha. stupid bitch!
Is everything alright?... Can I help you?...
My name is Julie Andrews. I'm a doctor.
Oh no. thank you Julie. My friend is just drunk.
She drinks a little more than she should...
She doesn't look drunk... This woman`s in shock!
She's just really very drunk.
We don't need your help. thanks!
Let me help you. You look like you need
an experienced helping hand!
Ok bitch... go away or I'll blow your fucking brains out.
And be quiet!
Ok... ok. ok! Cool down.
Ok. I`m leaving.
I`m impressed!
I`m glad boss.
Is she?...
She`s alive! One and a half million.
I`m waiting.
What are you talking about?...
Razor... you said three million for Jimmy Cloud
and his dumb bitch girlfriend. alive...
It`s the price for both of them.
You only brought me one. So you get nothing.
You mexican son of a fucking bitch!
You slut. Razor Martinez has never betrayed anyone!
Play by the rules of the night or I`ll end
your despicable life!
You promised me the money...
You said you`d help me with my family problems.
You should be. sugar. You owe me your life. you whore.
Who do you think you are?
No matter how much people owe you.
you don't own them...
Big words coming from a junkie and a hooker.
You`re high Sandra! Drug freak!
Razor... is that you?
Oh baby. So we met again.
You gave me drugs when I was desperate in Mexico...
But that doesn`t mean you own me. you bastard.
That big mouth of yours is still spitting out bullshit.
Put it to good use. You know what I mean!
You don't own me.
Your loss. hermosa. Your loss.
You and your boyfriend are dead!
Let me go! Jimmy will come rescue me!
Oh Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy. help! Help!...
He'll find you and also a lot of bullets in his head!
Who are you?
None of your business.
And where do you think you`re going?
Inside of this stall. Make room.
Victoria? You`re with them?
You fools. I`ve got you!
Don`t make a wrong move now!
Shit... How could I ever trust you. bitch!
Surprise... I could have bet on it!
Drop your weapons slowly or you`re dead.
Move faster. you dogs!
Well. well! Victoria baby!...
What a surprise! Is that Jimmy Cloud? Very nice!
What do you want? Let us go or you'll regret it!
Shut up gringo or you`re all dead! I just have to snap
my fingers! Who do you think I am?
Hmm. let me think about that for a moment...
Maybe a criminal psychopath?
I am the Devil. you little mortal human.
Now show me some respect!
Yes. show him respect!
And us too. while you`re at it!
Never. you megalomaniac junkies!
Ok. if this is what you want. Shoot them!
Kill those clowns!
First Cloud and Walker.
But wait for my command!
Jimmy!... You saved me.
They killed Janet...
It`s not your fault... You`re bleeding.
We need to get you to a hospital!
No. not now... I need a moment.
Alright Jimmy... I understand.
I`ve gotta make a few calls to clean up this mess.
I'm so glad that's over. Jimmy.
Now maybe we can be together?
Sorry Stacy. nothing is over... The criminals are about
to conquer the whole world. I can't stop now.
So we can never be together.
Hopefully. one day. the Police will recover
from the corruption.
You saw what happened. Janet is dead.
Also. you should go to rehab to come clean.
So that's the real reason you don't want to be with me!
No. it's just better for you... Let`s go.